Leaving are fixed lunatics who will hawk
Your knees'll start shaking and your fingers pop like a pinch on the neck of Mr. Spock
Well it's 50 cups of coffee and you know it's on
Sometimes I like to brag sometimes I'm soft spoken when I'm in Holland I eat the pannenkoeken
Simply soothe will move vinyl like groove
Gasping and swallowing every last letter
Words are sent to the vents of all humans then converted to a phrase called talk
Focus is setlet your Polaroids click
Yo everybody's sayin... what to do when sucka lunatics start diggin and chewin
Time is a factor so it's time that counts
Back once more with the wallop in the score
Pass the peas like they used to say
Potholes in my lawn
You Can't.. You Won't.. And You Don't Stop
I've Got The Brand New Doo-Doo Guaranteed Like Yoo Hoo
And Everything I Do Is Funky Like Lee Dorsey
And you may find yourself living in a shotgun shack
Keep it away keep it away keep it away now
And you may ask yourself - Well...How did I get here?
Same as it ever was...Same as it ever was...Same as it ever was...
And you may find yourself behind the wheel of a large automobile
I might be movin' to Montana soon .. Just to raise me up a crop of .. Dental Floss
Dreamed I was an Eskimo
Who you jivin' with that Cosmik Debris
I can't wait till my Fro is full-grown
I don't mean to brag I don't mean to boastbut I'm intercontinental when I eat french toast
Dogs love me cause I'm crazy sniffable ... I bet you never knew I got the ill peripheral
Can I get some action from the back section
If you learn to live then you might love life
I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce -MCA
Be true to yourself and you will never fall -MCA
Life is to short to listen to bad music
I like my sugar with coffee and cream
You're scheming on a thing that's a mirage i'm trying to tell you now it's sabotage
[O/]H[O/]
Icons powered by Font-Awesome
Hover and animation effects by Hover.css
There's no place like 127.0.0.1
This blog is powered by Ruby and Jekyll
Q1. How many feathers are on a Perdue chicken?
Q2. How many fibres are intertwined in a Shredded Wheat biscuit?
Q3. What does -touche et lele pu- mean?
Q4. How many times did the Batmobile catch a flat?
This blog is strictly from the Dan called Stuckie
I strap on my ear goggles and i'm ready to go